Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Papa's name is Checco.
He's 36 and
from the South.
Tall
handsome, cool, muscular
he's NOT. But he's really
nice and likeable.
First he worked in the
world of high finance.
Excuse me, how's the Dow Jones?
Down a point and a half.
Trust me, the situation's dramatic...
Welcome back to our hotel.
Your party's waiting.
I warned you not to disturb the clients!
But...
Forget it. I'm not interested.
- What if someone asks a question?
- Back to work! Beat it! Scram!
But in that situation papa
didn't feel appreciated.
And so one day in September he
came up with a brilliant idea
that would change his destiny.
And he rushed to tell mama.
Honey!
What's up? Why the face?
They're closing the factory.
Your news?
I quit my job today.
I want to be leadership of myself.
Infected by mama's enthusiasm
papa plunged into a job hunt.
But at first it wasn't easy.
Sorry, your profile's inadequate.
Are you sure?
But then one day...
Zalone
you're hired!
Thank you, thank you.
Stubbornly determined, papa found
the job that would allow him to
achieve his aspirations.
'Cause papa says that in life...
Aspiration is everything!
Look Aunties... the King of
House Cleaningship. A bargain!
So...?!
- We'll buy it!
- Go Aunties!
Papa proved to be quite competent.
You got yourself a bargain, cousin!
And you'll exercise too!
Your nephew, Checco.
That's who we bought it from!
Eh? Who's Checco?
- Salesman of the year!
- Thank you!
And well-deserved
recognition soon followed.
I just wanna say
to my wife and son...
I love you!
Daniela, Nicolo... look at papa!
Riding the wave of success,
papa indulged in a few whims.
Full optional, isn't it fantastic?
Yes, but...
I also have great used bargains.
Lots of gifts for me...
Nicolo, their TAEG surtax is unbeatable!
TAEG! He's a TAEG!
Happy, Taeg?
and for mama, except
mama wasn't so happy.
Nothing smaller?
Gimme a smile for crying out loud!
I home-automated you!
Watch and smile.
We have Dolby Surround
robotic blender...
We have a self-cleaning
defrosting microwave
auto-griddle.
We have a coffee maker.
We have exceeded our 3 kilowatts!
Papa teaches me that life
can have its darker moments.
- Signora, interested?
- You're old! Look!
Zalone, what's up? In six
months your sales dropped
87.8%. Have you run out of
- enthusiasm?
- No, out of relatives.
But it's in hard times that
a real entrepreneur
must find the answers.
- Yes?
- The IRS.
Sorry, we're Catholics here.
Would you cool off?
- They'll give it back.
- and seek solutions.
We'll get a loan to pay the loans.
That's how it's done. Stop the tragedies!
Please, just go away!
Disappear from my life!
- Go away!
- You're being negative.
- Hello?
- Fido-Fly.
You'd better STAY
on your payment schedule!
- Go!
- STAY or else!
- Go away!
- Would you two make up your mind?!
I'm not going!
and above all try to do his very best.
So lately he's always out working.
You pack my toothbrush?
Get financing and buy one!
And so mama, Taeg and I moved
in with my grandparents.
Can we eat without this thing?
- Quiet! He's just a puppy.
- No less!
- But papa calls me every day.
- Papa, where are you?
At a restaurant, waiting on line.
The economy's picking up.
The place is packed.
How's school going?
Good... all A minus except two
Bs and an A.
Okay, let's do this, Nicolo.
If next term you get all As
all As in all subjects
I'll give you a dream vacation.
You'll give me a vacation?
Sister dearest, what's cooking today?
Tart's pasta?
Papa's always joking, but when he makes
a promise, he's serious about keeping it.
Time's up children!
Keep calm now.
Nice and calm.
Pack your schoolbags.
Three months later.
Good boy!
You should've studied harder.
- Good morning.
Zalone.
- Ah, Nicolo's father?
- Yes.
Congratulations.
- Why?
- Read.
A
May I speak to the teacher?
- Why?
- The teacher please!
She just left.
Sonova...!
Maybe you don't know that
Nicolo's mother and I
recently separated.
Yes, your wife told me.
It's very hard on children who
as you know, suffer the
consequences both psychologically and...
- Yes, I know.
- ..scholastically.
- So I'm wondering...
- What?
How the hell is it possible that
my son was unaffected?
He got all As! Please explain.
- You're not happy?
- No.
Because this monster you painted
can't be my son, trust me!
His parents separate and he excels?!
In all subjects?! Look: History,
Italian, A, all As...
Even in behaviour, A! No way!
When it's called for...
I've never heard Nicolo
say a dirty word.
In school, but at home he curses
like crazy, especially against you.
"The old bitch should piss
off and retire!"
And just yesterday? "She stinks!"
Let's check.
And he's a liar!
So, I mean, at least...
let's lower him on behaviour.
Now listen - ...or gym!
Listen a moment.
I know all about
your economic situation.
- What?
- And that you promised Nicolo
- a wonderful vacation.
- Yes I did.
- Seeing how Nicolo is very bright...
- Off the old block.
He's capable of understanding.
So simply tell him the truth.
- Tell him everything.
- Meaning?
- The recession.
- Beg your pardon?
The recession!
In this factory
we produced world class
fabrics. This stuff here!
We were proud of our profession.
Then this genius CEO showed up,
and forced us to produce plain
cotton T-shirts. This stuff here!
And that's how we plunged! Okay?
My darling! What a good boy!
Genetics never lie, eh!
Now what?
- I'll take him on vacation.
- Ah, vacation. Have you no shame?
After ruining my life,
you could at least
spare him! Where'll you go
seeing you're broke?!
And so
another glorious factory shuts
down and leaves its employees home
laid off. How will they manage?
Eh... we're desperate.
Last year it was redundancy, now
they're throwing families on the street.
I imagine your despair is
shared by other family members
like your husband.
Do you have children?
I'm on TV?
- Any children?
- Yes yes.
How do you see their future given
an outlook anything but rosy?
Not Rosy 'cause he's a boy: Nicolo.
I'm an entrepreneur and optimistic!
There's too much pessimism!
Excuse me.
We shouldn't forget that we're
the world's seventh economy,
and Europe's third economy.
- I am...
- Italy's first jerk!
I'm convinced we'll make it, people!
People! It only takes optimism.
Here, look at my son's report card!
Look! He got straight As.
So how can I be a pessimist?
Nicolo!
Excuse me... if you're there
watching this crappy show
that's injecting pessimism so
people won't consume anymore...
Papa says he promised
a vacation, so...
Bug off!
We're going on vacation!
Yayyyy!
- Pack your bags! They're only envious!
- Yessssss!
Ciao Nicolo! Bug off!
Super-papa! YAYYY!
Papa, you have a valid passport?
Of course. Gimme. Get inside.
Off we goooo!
- Hey, you gotta take him too!
- Shut up, you! Shut up!
There's a superhero.
Who beats all the others,
You know?
He has no wings or missiles.
He doesn't even have a rocket.
You can say he's a
hero of our times...
Enemy of the banks and loan sharks.
Of the damned and monstrous downturn.
Lying in ambush behind the corner.
But he grabs a rag and wipes it out.
And even flat broke he wins.
Oh the magic power of...
This SUUUUUUU...
- Super-papa!
- Postdated checks!
- Debt instalments!
- Super-papa!
- Loans backed by family members!
He's deep in poo
but he'll pull through!
- Renegotiated mortgages!
- Super-papa!
- IOUs up to the roof!
A lien on grandma's pension!
Come on, where you taking me?
Nooo, it has to be a surprise!
- You said it's in Europe, right?
- Yes.
Come on, another hint!
It's got six letters.
London!
- Madrid!
- No.
Paris!
What then?
Okay I'll tell you. Look!
You're joking, right?
- Who could this be?
- You don't know?!
Checco...
- Checco.
- Checco!
Auntie Ritella!
Checco!
- Remember me?
- It's been ages!
Thirty years, Auntie.
- The boy?
- He's Nicolo
my son - Finally I
meet him! What brings you here?
- We're on vacation.
- Where you staying?
Here with you.
Our bags. Come on!
Incredible!
Nothing's changed.
Same beds, same closet.
All the same.
Come to papa, come...
You should know that papa
when he was your age, spent his
first vacation here. This very place.
Incredible... it's fantastic.
And it's a fact: My first night here
right in this bed, I made pee-pee.
Did Auntie get pissed off
the next morning!
It was right here.
No! The stain...
is still there! Fantastic!
And the same Mold,
the same humidity.
Ah... know why
those cracks are there?
- Why?
- Earthquakes.
Ti-ti-ti-ti-ti, we'll have fun.
Best we call mama...
and the child rescue line.
Mr. Surace, good morning!
Zalone, where the fuck are you?
Are you working?
Are you pounding your area?
No need to worry, sir
because I'm here in Molise
where there's a strong family
presence and as you know that's
my target - Of course.
I already made a client list
and they're all penetrable.
Open your ears, Zalone.
If this week you don't sell at
least seven vacuum cleaners
you're out!
Eh no! That's twice. He's not
paying the water. It costs!
So Auntie, are you happy to
- see us?
- Yes.
Hell, we're never in touch.
I know nothing about our relatives.
How are they? What are they doing?
Eh... Auntie Pina, how is she?
She's there.
What a shame.
Aunt Madia?
Aunt Madia too.
- Aunt Angela?
- There.
Auntie Rosa... which corner?
No, Rosa isn't dead.
- Survived?
- She's in Canada
with her daughters.
Damn! Canada with her
daughters... so even Margherita
Rosanna, Elena
all in Canada.
Know who's still here?
Onofrio, your cousin.
He got married,
and has 2 boys your son's age.
Onofrio's wife... is she
into housecleaning?
- The hell do I care?!
- Okay, calm down.
Let's go Nicolo, time to play!
You're gonna play dressed like that?
While Papa runs an errand, you'll
play with the other kids in town.
Come on, they're all waiting.
Curious to find out who Nicolo is.
Let's go Nicolo, time to play!
Wait... wait... there's gonna be kids.
G'morning.
Do you know if there's a place here
in town like... a school yard
where kids can play?
Or even a park where
a playground where
kids meet other kids?
All right, they're like
men, only smaller
without beards and
higher voices and
at around thirteen they get fuzzy.
- Excuse me... Town Hall please?
- Who for?
- The Mayor.
- I'm the Mayor.
I brought my son here on vacation.
- You're a doofus!
- Thank you.
- These places are so beautiful.
- Sure, papa, maybe with friends.
Don't worry.
- Papa, where are we going?
- To Onofrio's, my cousin.
He's got two boys your age.
When I used to come here
we were always together.
He's a bundle of laughs.
Just you wait and see.
One day my wife says she's
fed up with small-town life,
and wants to move to the big city.
So she ran off with another man.
To Milan?
To Isernia.
Onofrio, women have these moments of
confusion. You gotta understand her.
How are the boys?
Dead?
- She took them with her.
- Ah...
She took them...
- There's nobody left in this house.
- Completely alone now, eh?
How do you manage, Onofrio?
With the housecleaning?
Look how dirty! Full of mites! If your
wife comes back, she'll run away again.
Onofrio, you're a lucky man.
I... You lucky bugger! I've got
a product that's just right for you.
This here... wait!
This month we're offering 30% off
to abandoned men of the South.
- We used to have that very one.
- Used to.
She took it.
- I'll write up the contract.
- in the closet.
Blessed woman... Where are they?
Checco look... she left it!
She left it here!
Took the kids, left the cleaner?
- The whore!
- You said to be understanding.
You should've understood she's a whore.
Not now. Before you married her!
Where the fuck does this shit go?
Would you stop cursing?!
That TV doesn't
- have a SCART plug.
- They're not curses,
but solution-finding formulas.
There is no solution!
The TV's $0 years old!
No! No!
I left this here thirty years
ago. Know what it is?
What?
What's this noise?
Blood and hell!
What the...?! Are you outta
your mind? Electricity costs!
- You're crazy!
- What can it cost?
- Look at the bill they sent me!
- A two-month totalling 6 Euros!
In August I pay 4 Euros,
at most 5, but 6 never!
- It's a tragedy!
- The boy needs fun. A little humanity!
- Come on!
- Now I'll
show him fun! Relax. Nicolo!
Pray for your children.
Mother who can do all.
And beg God's mercy!
- Mama, you wouldn't believe it.
- Sweetie, listen to me. Tell
papa to take you to
Piombino tomorrow.
- Sokaina, what time?
- Noon. Assad will be waiting.
You hear that? Don't you worry.
- Tell him not to be late!
- Okay.
- Ciao darling, ciao.
- Ciao. Goodnight.
My poor boy! What did I do to
deserve this? What did I do?!
Nicolo!
Oh! What are you doing?
Ehm... I talked to mama.
You tell her everything's fine?
Tomorrow I have to go to Piombino.
Piombino? What for?
To leave on vacation with Sokaina.
Papa takes you on
vacation and you split?!
Don't treat me like an idiot!
You leave with me, today we arrive
and tomorrow you wanna leave?
I studied all year for this vacation
because I really cared. You
- instead, came to sell vacuum cleaners!
- Calm down.
Vacation?! I would've had more fun at
home with friends. Tomorrow we're going!
- Why?
- 'Cause we're going!
- 'Cause you've pissed me off!
Nicolo!
Come here right now!
Come on, over here!
Repeat what you said!
You're selling vacuum cleaners.
No, what you said after.
- Tomorrow we're...
- What you said after that...
- You've pissed me off!
- So then you're normal!
Come here!
I was gonna take you to a therapist.
No bad words, never a bad word.
I waited but never any bad words.
Let's go to sleep now. Just relax,
there's no need to worry.
How many things I've missed, my boy!
Sorry, but I choke up when
I think I missed the first time
you said a bad word.
- Go to sleep now. Are you all right?
- Yes, but who are they?
Who? Ah, that's a compilation
that Auntie makes every year
a sort of "Deathmania 2013",
don't worry about it.
- Hey, you're all cold!
- Yeah. I feel a little cold.
Wait here... Hold the light...
now I'll teach her a lesson.
The old bitch had one!
This consumes a whole lot!
Nicolo, let's go!
Ciao Auntie. We're going.
Not having breakfast?
No, it'll cause heaviness.
- Let's go.
- Nicolo
come here. Auntie has a
nice gift for you.
See how Auntie, at heart...
Never mind. Ciao.
Weren't you the one
who spoke of serenity.
In those moments of what now?
Like you said, the higher the hill.
The more fun the ride down.
What happened now papa?
Don't you feel the buckets
of sunshine on your skin?
You can ride on my shoulders,
pull hard on the suspenders.
And we'll fly away from here!
Papa, are you sad?
Is papa the kind
that gets discouraged?
Let's go, come on!
Remind those people
that we did a lot for them.
Now it's their turn. Rub it in!
Okay? Come here!
Go now.
How could you even dream
of doing such a thing?!
You were crying like a baby!
Me?
You don't know your father.
You still don't know him.
- Now there'll be a fight with mama.
- Anyway you're separated.
Who told you that? We're not
separated, me and your mother.
- Pa, cut the bullshit!
- Nicolo!
bad words must be
authorized by me!
Your mother and I, yes
- we're going through a momen...
- "Momentary downturn," I know.
But we love each other.
Trust me. We'll be together again,
and next year
God willing, the stork will bring
you a brother. Okay?
Stork? Papa, am I authorized
to call you a dork?
You're becoming a big man!
You're becoming a big stinker!
Papa, a zoo!
There's a sign. Look, a zoo!
Excuse me, boy.
Do you know where the zoo is?
Boy.
Boy?
Oh! Boy!
Where's the zoo?
Seeing there's a sign.
DO YOU KNOW WHERE THE ZOO IS?
- It's here.
- That's the zoo?
And your goldfish
is the Genoa aquarium?
Humility boy! What's your name?
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?!
Lorenzo.
WHERE'S YOUR MOTHER?
There.
Zoe, selective mutism
in children is a transient disorder.
But it's a year that
Lorenzo hasn't spoken.
We'll continue with the breathing
exercises... hippotherapy... herbs.
- And maybe some medications.
- No, please no drugs!
Mild remedies.
- Good morning.
- I just spoke to Lorenzo. He told me.
- Excuse me my son talked to you?
- Yes, Lorenzo.
- He told you his name?
- It's a secret?
- Where is he?
Over there with my son. Nicolo!
Nicolo! Nicolo!
- I'm afraid of big dogs.
- Mine's a Great Dane.
Danes are huge, aren't they?
But I heard they're friendly.
- Do you play soccer?
- Yes.
Ever been to a zoo?
You know how dolphins sleep?
How?
Two kids.
Excuse me for insisting, but
describe the dynamics of your
encounter with Lorenzo?
Again? Okay, for the last time.
I called him normally: "boy!"
Nothing, he wouldn't answer.
At that point...
I raised my voice: "BOY!"
And the boy began to...
Excuse me, but who are you?
I'm the psychologist
tending to Lorenzo.
He only needs an
ear doctor... Earwax.
Have him prescribe...
Ear picks and you've solved
the problem, all right?
I have to leave now... Nicolo!
- Keep him here!
- Where are you headed?
- We're looking for a hotel.
- You can stay here!
- I can't accept. For free?
- Yes. - I accept.
- Zoe is the name of an art gallery?
- Now I'm featuring this photographer.
Very talented.
That? How do you like it?
It's an old model.
- That's the oeuvre of a French artist.
- Ah an oeuvre.
The canvas represents Culture
degraded by the presence
of an element
such as a vacuum cleaner,
a typical objected portraying
the wretchedness of man,
his degradation and annihilation.
A world you wouldn't want
to know, but which sadly exists.
- Is the artist alive?
- Yes.
- Let's hope he dies.
- Why?
Better if under a train,
annihilated... offended.
- This way.
- Your mother's canary!
Nuts, millet seed
with wild asparagus. Delicious!
Basmati with turmeric, which I adore!
Soy bean sprouts with algae,
amaranth with
pumpkin and sunflower seeds.
Joy for the palate!
Ehm... a slice of meat
for the boy?
We're vegan, sorry.
All right, no problem. I'll eat...
what's this? Millet.
Ciao mama, I'm having a blast!
Ciao Daniela. We're here
at hippotherapy with Zoe.
The boy is doing fine.
He made friends with Lorenzo
Zoe's son, and other problem kids.
What can I say? We're fine. My best
to your colleagues. Optimism!
Who is this Zoe?
I'm a yoga enthusiast.
- Your son's first time?
- No, he was a
breather from early on.
He was born that way.
- Hello.
Let's go.
I need to talk to the master.
Go, I'll be right there.
G'morning - Exhi!
- Oh sorry.
- Exhi's my name.
Ah for crying...
Relax.
- I was observing you.
- I know.
And you gave the impression of
someone with many questions inside.
- Yes.
- But I think one question
is more important than the others.
- Yes.
- Ask it.
How do you dust your carpets?
Because I sell vacuum cleaners
with special nozzles.
Because we've got a 1139 Euro
offer. Wanna buy it?
Need to meditate on it?
- Where we going?
- To a movie set.
A movie set? Really? Professional
or crappy make-believe?
No, professional.
- Nicolo!
- Yes?
- Ever been to a movie set?
- No never.
It's a real blast!
Pull out this plug.
I no longer wish to
nourish this body.
Feed me no longer
this daily bread of bitterness.
- CUT!!!
- Cut! Cut!
- It's not right.
- No, not right.
To me she reeks of bourgeoisie.
Hey, I smelled it too.
I figured it was from outside.
Fuck's sake, wash!
And a girl no less!
I've got it. Instead of a
monologue a dialogue!
Yes, brilliant!
With someone who urges
her to go on living.
- You're a genius.
- A genius!
Just anyone, like
a prototype of the average
Italian. Nondescript - Yes yes.
Eh... those faces devoid of a certain...
"Euthanasia Mon Amour"
85A, take one!
Pull this plug!
No, no, I will not unplug you.
You can't decree your end. Nobody has
that right. Life is an "inalenable"...
"Inalienable" papa!
Sorry... Life is an
inalienable papa gift.
No, no. I won't pull this
- plug. Eat this bread!
- CUT!
It needs to be simpler.
As if you were in your town
talking to a girlfriend, okay?
Yo, eat yer sandwich!
You're skin and bones. Look at you!
A little fat is good for you!
Eat!
- My mother's style.
- CUT!
Just give her the bread
and be mute, please!
You yum-yum sandwich!
Or you die! You skinny-skinny!
Skinny-skinny bad. Sandwich good-good.
- CUT! CUT!
CUT!
- Thank you, it's a wrap.
- If she's a dud...
Whaddya want from me?
Just a second, Lorenzo.
- A debacle, damn them!
- Ludovico, wait!
I don't know what got into him.
- Zoe! Did something happen?
- No, nothing.
- Was it me?
- No, it's not you.
No, 'cause normally I act.
But let's say that...
This director Ludovico, is a bit...
- He's an asshole!
Come on, don't talk like that
in front of the children.
He's a dumb-ass, that's what,
a bit of a dumb-ass.
No, on set I didn't realize that
he was Lorenzo's father
the director.
I'm afraid I said things that...
He promised to spend time with him.
Instead, he's stuck on the film.
You told me this at eleven,
now it's one. Time to go to bed.
He doesn't understand how his
behaviour is hurting Lorenzo.
You already said that too.
- He's a totally nonaffective person.
- Nonaffective.
- Incapable of feeling sentiment.
- Sentiment.
- He sacrificed interaction with his son.
- Sacrificed... interaction... son...
- And that's the cause of Lorenzo's mutism.
- cause... Lorenzo's mutism.
I know... it's better now...
I lost ten years of
my life with him.
No... my boy... it's not what...
Dummy!
There's nothing... silly... wait Zoe!
My son saw us from the window and
it looks like... Know what I mean?
Zoe... I'm asking you please...
Come on!
Checco, can we go swimming?
You're nuts!
It's fantastic!
Lorenzo... it's $ in the
morning, go to sleep, please.
Then can we hunt fireflies?
Last year, one night
there were tons of them.
- You gotta tell jokes now? Come on!
- Her name is Cecilia...
- Photonic ray. Galactic eyes.
- You're a cruel bastard too!
Galactic number 96.
Lepioscura...
Listen to me!
Do you know your papa is a
completely nonaffective person
who abandoned every form of
interplay with you? That's right.
Only caring about his ego.
Ohhh... Did you get hit
by selective mutism?
Good, now go to sleep.
Move it, back to bed, go!
Tomorrow I'll unblock you.
Switch off the light with mutism.
Damn it... Yesterday Lorenzo
was doing so well!
Can't they go to your mother's?
I asked, but Checco has to leave.
He said he's got a workshop with
Americans. He's a businessman.
What a pity!
Zalone, what's up?
You were in Molise and you
didn't close one fucking deal?!
Sir, you don't need to worry.
Right! You're the one
who needs to worry!
Goodbye.
- Why can't we go with them?
- Nicolo, I told you why.
You saw how they are.
Floor beds, energy flows,
hippotherapy
breathing...
They're Communists, Nicolo!
My teacher taught me
not to discriminate,
for political reasons, or ethnic reasons
or reasons of sexual orientation.
- Shut your trap!
- You're narrow-minded!
What if one day
I confess that I'm...
- What?
- No, never mind.
I got enough troubles...
What were you saying?
What if you confess you're...?
It was hypothetical.
If we talk now, we can still do
something, there's still time.
Come on... What if you confess
that you're...?
- Homosexual.
- Aah!
I thought Communist.
Go take a hike! You scared me!
- We're going with you!
- Really? Hurray!
The human-sexuals
are people top to bottom.
Just like us, us normal folks.
They laugh, they cry,
they clap their hands.
Even if they're a bit partial to ass.
Pa, just put on jeans and
a T-shirt and let's go!
No, my son. We have to live
like them and dress like them.
To understand
how that ideology burns
on the skin.
Excuse me, do you also
have Che Guevara bags?
- Good morning everybody!
- Welcome back, Lorenzo.
Manuela, look after their needs.
Thank you.
This way, please. Good morning.
Chardonnay, Chardonnay.
This is your Alessian style suite.
Here's the reading area. We've
prepared a welcome cocktail.
This is the piano Chopin
played before his death.
Kindly follow me.
This is the Marco Polo room,
frescoed by Domenico Piola.
A precious table from the 1700's,
decorated with lapis lazuli and albumen.
The Oriental style bed was
a gift from Prince Scotto.
Guests here have ranged
from Queen Margherita to Hegel.
- Hegel on this bed?
- You're an admirer?
Eva Hegel, seen all her films!
Hope you changed the sheets though.
Ah, I almost forgot.
There's private temperature control.
But there's a slight problem
with the ionizer.
Eh, hell no!
And she saves it for last!
A "slight problem!" Let's go...
or do we stay anyway?
Yeah, okay.
Humility. I like it. Humility.
You have nine Euros change?
I'll leave it on the lapis
lazuli... tomorrow.
Come here my boy!
Tell mama how much fun!
- Ciao mama!
- Ciao Daniela.
- Ciao!
- Ciao Daniela!
Philip, Pino, bring me
a cocktail, please!
Careful my boy. Careful!
He's doing much better
Lorenzo, eh?
Juliette - Look here!
Vittorio is here.
There'd be some papers to sign.
Zoe, please come.
Again?
This stuff again?
This "stuff" is a great opportunity for our companies.
- Our companies.
After my father died
our firms stopped
producing goods made with care.
Now it's all
just stock market
and financial activities.
Sorry my dearest,
but after your father died
you own 33% of the
company shares, yet you
never showed any interest.
What do you expect now?
To give Vittorio
lessons in finance management?
G'morning, how do you do?
Zalone.
- Zoe's mama?
- Yes.
Incredible. Your old age is
truly youthful, my compliments.
The accountant?
- Yes, in a way.
- Who are you?
I'm Juliette's companion and the
managing director of their companies.
Ah, in fact I heard you
talk about finance.
I can offer my expertise...
What outfit were
you discussing, Zoe?
- I doubt you know it.
- Which? Which?
Fido-Fly, headquartered in Milan?
Represented by the Law Firm Zanoni
located in Brugherio?
- Yes.
- How are you involved?
We're buying them out.
You want to buy out Fido-Fly?
Holy! No! Really? You're joking?
- No.
- Fido-Fly's in deep shit!
Fido-Fly's going belly-up
in a couple of weeks.
I'll explain Fido-Fly:
It's a company that
lends money to riffraff.
Loans galore! People take advantage of
their "TAEG." Know what TAEG is?
It's...
Annual percentage rate of change.
Good boy! So what happens?
The people taking
their money are...
Hey, listen up!
The borrowers are beggars
with no collateral, strapped with
instalments they'll never pay.
These Fido-Fly people
figure that those beggars
with no pay checks
will cough up the money!
Hopeless dumbasses,
signora. My advice is
to forget this buy-out.
Signora, I already like you.
Cross my heart.
Forget Fido-Fly. Enjoy your old age.
See you tonight, good people!
This individual will attend the gala?
Who? My new companion? Yes.
Fido-Fly here. You're late on 48
instalments. When are you settling?
Not now, I'm too young to settle
Relax and fuck off.
Tortello in pistachio sauce.
It's ready. Strain it!
If your father...
If father could speak
- he'd speak volumes.
- Who can't speak?
My grandpa Riccardo.
- He'd say you're irresponsible.
- Where is he?
In heaven. Two years ago.
- He wouldn't approve your sentiments.
- If your father could speak
- he'd tell me to live my life.
- Wait, wait.
He'd say you squandered...
RICCARDO! Would you talk?!
Dumbass!
Your grandson's mutism
is your fault!
Vittorio, why did you drop Fido-Fly?
The daughter withdrew her proxy.
The spoiled brat.
No, it's not that. Now she's put
her trust in a new companion.
Ah yeah? Who is he?
Idiot. What's with the clothes?
No. Heads up...
He knows the score, okay?
Come.
Checco, meet Pier Giorgio,
a dear friend of my father.
- A pleasure.
- Bollini, hello.
- Zalone.
- Hermes, my wife.
- How do you do?
- Hermes.
She's my daughter, Olga.
- Excuse me, isn't she...?
- No.
- And she is...
- Wait, wait! The grandmother!
- See you later. Let's mingle.
- Wait, let me talk... don't be rude!
In this African village, the
children live in a desperate state.
They have no water, no food.
As you can see,
the houses are decrepit.
So you can imagine
the health conditions.
Nicolo - They have
no vaccines. And that's why
thanks to the help
of Father Faberge
we've decided to adopt this village!
I'd like to ask my daughter
Zoe, and my grandson Lorenzo
to come on stage
with the envelope
proceeds of your offers.
Good evening, thank you.
Ehh, Giulietta
the images were certainly shocking.
I dunno about you,
but I got a lump in my throat.
Excuse me, could I have
some Champagne please?
- May we know...
- Vintage 2008?
- May we know the amount, please?
- Yes, wait, right away.
Excuse me, but I'm moved
because this check
isn't postdated!
Hey look... have you ever seen one?
- No, never.
Your goodness is incredible!
The amount please!
$3,000 Euros!
- $3,000 Euros.
- And indeed with $3,000 Euros...
we can buy many things for the village.
- Many, many...
many vacuum cleaners!
Friends, hands are useless
against African mites.
Maybe we can buy other things
seeing how the power
station is six miles away.
Extension cords!
Friends, with extension cords...
Hey, Father Faberge,
with an extension cord you're OKAY!
On with the gala!
MUSIC!
They're stealing our rights!
Our dignity!
But we'll fight to the death
to claim our rights!
That's why today we're here
instead of being with our children
on a vacation
they'd deserve as well.
- Ciao Daniela!
- Mama, it's beautiful here!
- Regards to your colleagues!
- Ciao!
Not very classy, but lots of fun.
Juliette, is this Checco
Zoe's companion?
No, he's just a friend.
Are you sure?
Son, you see, today we're here
among these people, in
this luxury, aboard this yacht,
and we feel good,
but careful my boy!
You mustn't think this is happiness.
- That's wise, Pa.
- 'Cause look over there, Nicolo!
THAT'S happiness!
With a helicopter!
- Cool off!
- Not this tub!
- That's our goal!
- Calm down!
- Together we'll tower over these people!
- Keep calm...
And PUH! Sorry, sweetie!
Because for me and you, son,
the sky's the limit, Nicolo!
Mr. Manieri, thank you for
joining us.
Indulge our curiosity:
Are you here on vacation?
Vacation? What's that?
- He's hot tonight.
- There are rumors that
you'll be President
of the Manufacturers Group.
Highly unlikely. Juliette would
throw me out. Wouldn't you?
It's working, he's got them!
- One question?
- Without a lawyer?
Juliette, he's going really...
I am absolutely in favor of
Europe and the rules that
our European partners have codified.
Keep your lousy Europe
with its murderous HACCP!
- Hear hear! Damned right!
- Quiet!
I think women on the work force...
Tell us about the costs of female
workers on maternity leave!
This guy's out of his mind.
Mr. Manieri,
I see someone who's upset.
Bring him a microphone please.
- Good evening.
- Care to ask a question?
I'm offering answers, dear Kojak!
Tonight I haven't felt
any VAT numbers
throbbing in our hearts.
It needs to be said.
Vittorio, you're not ready
to represent us.
Vittorio, you say "Europe,"
but you don't mention HACCP!
It's... eh...
"Hazard Analysis Critical
Control Points". Come on!
Good boy. And what does it mean?
If I produce a mozzarella
I gotta write on the
cover wrap its expiry date
that it was made by
a certain cow living
in a certain country
that the milk was in a refrigerated
cell at a certain temperature
sterilized in accordance
with EU rules...
Eat the mozzarella! Fuck's sake!
Thank you.
Vittorio, you talk about female labor.
But when I the businessman hire
a woman who gets pregnant,
I have to pay family allowance.
I gotta substitute her. I gotta train
and pay her substitute.
I gotta rehire and retrain her, 'cause
meantime she forgot everything.
So you know what I say?
Working girl, you wanna get pregnant?
Then I'll bang you! Me your employer!
Thank you big-belly country!
Like this we'll save the country!
That's the truth!
Thank you! Autographs later.
Will we be enjoying the company
of your businessman much longer?
- We're yours every single moment!
- Send him away!
- Yeah papa!
- Go Checco!
No, forget it!
- Make friends with him.
- No!
You're a natural. Make friends,
hang out together.
Play golf, drink champagne. Operation
congeniality. Sometimes a smile
goes a long way. C'mon, smile!
That's it excellent!
You work on him
and I work on Zoe.
- The stakes?
- Your choice.
- Champagne!
- Five cases!
- Nooo!
No, no, Vittorio. Ten cases!
Ten, good! I like to play big.
- Of course! It's the only way!
- Papa
you don't have enough
for even one bottle!
My son, so many things you need
to learn about economics!
You see, banks
when you have a piddling
debt, they hound you.
For big debts instead,
they help you. Understand?
We'll dig huge financial
holes together. Let's go.
Twenty cases, Vittorio!
Zoe, with all due respect, this
Checco doesn't seem
to be such an expert.
Ah no? Look at this.
FIDO-FLY GOES BANKRUPT
All the dirt on Fido-Fly
- how did you know about it?
- Eh... I knew, I knew.
- What's your expertise?
- Me? The cleaning sector.
I knew you were a
Class A sonovabitch!
Could you also "clean"
for our companies?
- I clean everywhere, Vittorio.
- Discreetly.
I never talk about other
people's dirt, Vittorio.
- Then I guess we can work together.
- You've got lots of dust?
Super-papa!
He's in the poo
but he'll pull through!
Super-papa!
Okay then...
I'm already tasting the bubbles.
I dunno, but I didn't imagine
you were such a good shot.
If I sink this one
I win - Go for it.
- Yes!
- No!
No eh!! You don't
cheer mistakes.
It's not sportsmanlike!
Checco, he's just a boy.
He has to learn it's done like this!
More contained, more elegant.
Okay, now it's my turn.
Go papa, go papa...
Yes!!! Hurray!
Yes!!
You're the champion!
You see your papa?
The best! Yayyyy!
This time you won,
but in any case
from now on
we're a team, right?
At your disposal, Vittorio.
- See how papa plays golf?
- Really well!
- Let's go boys.
- Where you going?
- We'll change our clothes and go.
- Where?
- It's a secret.
- A secret?!
- I can't come?
- No. See you tonight.
- I know that you and Vittorio talked.
- It's all settled.
Can we trust you?
I said yes, guys. So relax.
Eh, speak of the...
Mr. Surace, g'morning.
Well, the contracts?
Zalone? Zalone!
Hello... Can you hear me?
What the hell is that fool cooking?
Fuck! The battery's shot.
- Take mine.
- Thanks, Vittorio. Just a sec, guys.
Hello Mr. Surace, it's Checco.
Good going, Vittorio.
Relax, Surace.
I'm in the middle of a huge deal.
Let me explain: I'm here with Pier
Giorgio Bollini and Vittorio Manieri
who are both bigshots.
We're talking major business.
They have companies
in the Cayman Islands
which practically speaking
fill Chinese boxes
with dirty money.
So you can imagine all the dust.
But they wanna clean 'em,
so they called me.
Except they wanna clean 'em there
and bring 'em to Italy already cleaned.
But when I heard talk
of the Cayman Islands,
well, I had a sudden doubt.
Eh.
Do they use a 3-prong plug?
'Cause without a 3-prong it's useless.
I told you to offer Schuko!
Zalone, just one thing: If by tomorrow
I don't see a contract you're fired!
So guys, this contract?
What's the story?
- Come and meet our friends.
- Friends? Let's go.
- Update the file?
- Yes.
Girls, I tried my best, but that
was their counter offer.
He's in financial straits?
What a joke! He's gotta give us
our full due to the last penny!
Otherwise no agreement!
Portofino has always
been a tourist haven.
Look who's there!
Look where the boss is!
That's financial straights? That?!
- Vittorio, good afternoon.
- Thank you, good afternoon.
- Always so dapper!
- Happily on vacation, look!
- I dress Italian.
- Pay us, dimwit!
I have faith in Italian products
because
I know they contain love,
care and craftsmanship.
How nice to be free
to sail the sea
and sip wine with friends.
- I see one here.
- Hello everybody!
- Ask a question!
- Yes, what's better on a yacht
bubbly or dry?
Well, let's say that
with bubbly there's a party.
It's instant cheer. Fun.
Dry is an "evergreen",
let's say a classic.
But if you ask me, Miss,
dry or bubbly, so what?
What's important is you drink
with friends, like Vittorio.
Cheers then!
Nicolo! Come and say hello!
Give a kiss to Uncle Vittorio.
Come on!
Say hello to mama!
- Hello from Sampdoria!
- Liguria.
Yeah, sure, whatever. Ciao Ciao!
I swear to you, I had no idea.
I swear!
- What a shithead!
- Yes, he's a shithead.
Where's my cell? Give me my
cell, please? Where is it?
I'll give you a vacation!
It's over, loverboy... It's over.
Daniela, I'm entering a masonry.
Catch you later. Ciao!
- Come with me! - Eh?
- Move it, dummy, let's go!
I'd like to thank my friends
Vittorio Manieri and Pier Giorgio
Bollini for this opportunity.
What can I say?
I'm from Apulia, so
next year we should meet there
'cause there's lots of great masonry.
It's fine here, but I got
a lodge in Foggia. Great food!
See you in Apulia!
Did I say something wrong?
You can't imagine
how happy Nicolo was.
Of course, with such a gift!
How could you
think of such a thing?
It's a gift I wanted for him.
- I'll fill out a check and pay.
- No, don't!
- Zoe, I can't accept such a thing.
- Really, don't.
- I'm someone who pays his things.
- Anyhow, I didn't spend 2018 Euros.
That's the cash-in date!
- It was from my heart!
- No, it's embarrassing, I'm embarrassed.
Zoe, you're embarrassing me.
- What the...? Zoe!
- Come on, jump in!
No, Zoe. Come on!
What's gotten into...?
It's marvellous at night.
- Zoe...
- Come on!
- Hold still...
- I won't do anything.
Nothing, eh?
Come on! Get undressed!
Hold still! Whaddya want?
Who called you? Eh?
Come on! Jump in!
If I jump in we can cook pasta
'cause the water will boil.
I'm waiting.
Just a second.
Ciao Nicolo, how are you?
I'm in a tent with Antonio,
my new companion.
You know, sweetie, he's a trade
unionist. And he's attentive to the
needs of us working girls.
I can't wait for you to meet him!
My best to your father.
Ciao sweetie!
But did something happen?
No, Zoe, it's nothing...
I just have to go back.
Anyway Checco, let me say
we had a fine time and
Lorenzo is smiling again.
And for me too it was
lots of fun.
Especially with my mother.
And I thank you.
- Instead, I apologize, Zoe.
- For what?
Not even a quickie...
Who's gonna believe it?
Lorenzo, ciao pal.
Remember:
No more selective mutism.
If you feel it coming,
just talk it away! Let's go.
- Ciao Lori!
- Ciao.
I spoke to Checco and he said we'll
meet in Venice for Ludovico's film.
- He won't go to Venice.
- Would Cannes be easier?
No. For him Ludovico's film sucks.
I can't wait for you to meet him.
My best to your father!
- This guy's mama's new friend?
- Yes, Nicolo.
- This puker?
- Nicolo!
Let's not judge before we
even meet him
the jerk! All right?
You will create a relationship
with this gentleman.
After which, you will freely
decide whether to stay with mama:
Vegetables, beans and early to bed
videogames max 30 minutes,
good luck,
or else with papa: Soccer games,
movies, popcorn
carbonated beverages
without any problems, Nicolo.
Remember that papa's never
been against carbon dioxide.
He's a fan.
So now listen up: Stop sniveling
my boy! You're a man with a spine.
Okay? Stop texting
mama trying to make
- her change her mind.
- I'm playing Ruzzle.
You're playing, eh? Well...
Text mama! Say: Papa loves you.
Papa really cares. Go back to him!
You got 100 free messages.
Send you louse! Write:
- Don't destroy our "nuclar" family.
- "Nuclear".
You've pissed me, Nicolo!
Just write, write the message!
- You send it!
- No! You send it!
We had a good time together, eh?
Nicolo, papa's always there.
If you need me, just call.
- And always remember?
- Optimism.
Optimism. 'Cause only like that
will there be buckets of sunshine.
Papa, it's buckets of...
sunshine. I like it!
Come here!
Ciao papa.
My darling, welcome back!
- Mama, guess what they gave me!
- What?
What a shitty summer! "Where've
you been?" Walking the dog to crap!
Move it!
He's VAT.
Very important to Nicolo.
Take good care of him.
Ciao TAEG. Ciao VAT.
I play this love story
of ours in slow motion.
I cry and am left breathless.
Where did I go wrong.
I focus my thoughts to see
if I ever hurt you
if I ever clipped your wings.
Where did I go wrong?
I made you iron,
I made you scrub.
I mean, did I ever forbid
you to wash a load?
Where did I go wrong?
It was your joy to
throw out the garbage.
Your immense emotion to
pack the winter clothes.
What's the sense of this setting sun
if I go back home
and dinner's not ready?
What good is the morning dew
if my undies aren't in the dresser?
What good is my washing machine
without her pulling out the
duds and happily hanging them?
Maybe it was wrong
to buy you a Thermomix.
You were jealous, I know you babe!
Maybe you were offended
by the dishwasher
you with your hands
are more prodigious.
Maybe I was wrong to never tell you
that for me there was only one object
and that was you you you.
Two months later.
MANIERI AND BOLDRINI
A TWO-MAN CRIME SYNDICATE
I chose to meet you
in the old family factor
because this
is where we began.
A history of beauty and quality
admired worldwide.
Our future challenge is
to return to the past,
but I'll need your help.
I want to thank the person
who opened my eyes,
and who made all
this possible: Checco.
Good morning one and all.
Comrades
I've struggled for you with passion
for we must all fight injustice.
I respect you both as workers
and as women inasmuch as lesser...
Wait!
the protections you are owed,
the "lesser" protections not you.
I heartily thank you and offer
my best wishes for the future.
P.S. pronounce clearly, papa!
Then I wanted to saying something
to a person who is there among you.
She's the person I love. The person who
I'm suffering for in this period.
Daniela, I'm a different man today.
I've changed a whole lot.
And I'm willing to do anything
to get back with you again.
Anything, even
taking out the garbage at night
because we're equal.
Daniela, I beg you.
At last
things could start again.
With milk, the way you like it.
- Uhm, I've gotta do the laundry.
- I already did it.
For me, the red ones
are pretty too.
Yes, this fabric is beautiful.
- Yes.
- Yes, it's perfect.
- Stupendous.
- We'll start with this one.
Well?
They ask if they can pay
with postdated checks.
You're asking me?
My first postdated
was in the days of Mao.
I'm raising a Great Wall: "don't play
to the house of the players!" Okay?
I was immediately alarmed
by this situation
one which surely
mustn't be underestimated.
And so I consulted the doctor, who
will describe the psychological
condition presently afflicting Nicolo.
Yes, the boy's psychological profile
is quite clear and apparent.
Your son is inclined to seek
refuge in realities of pure
make-believe,
going so far as to invent
idyllic situations
that are clearly a product
of his imagination.
The cause can be attributed to
your present economic difficulties.
Excuse me, you're a...?
Psychologist.
Sorry, it's a personal thing.
Excuse me,
but what did Nicolo write?
Ah, I'll tell you right away.
Horseback riding and then
even received a horse as a gift.
Hosted in a magnificent
seaside villa with a pool.
Parties with VIPs
with a menu of cocktails
and lobster.
Then he went on a yacht.
Then he was pulled
by a motorboat while
riding a parachute.
Then he rode a helicopter to a
golf tournament which he won,
and the prize was champagne.
Is that a vacation?!
Eh, you must consider the downturn.
- The what?
- The downturn.
The psychologist.
They know shit these people.
No, no, no, wait!
Our vacation didn't end here.
Come in come in.
Poor Aunt Ritella, poo rAuntie.
Eighty-nine... eighty-nine...
eighty-nine...
Nicolo, when we left,
did we switch off the heater?
No. Should I go switch it?
No, my boy, she'll be
going out first. And now?
She has to remain attached
to that machine that monitors
her blood pressure.
- It's not easy.
- Eighty-nine...
Hey... what's going on?
Oh Auntie! How are you doing?
It's me, Checco, Auntie.
Calm down, Auntie.
You only have to rest now.
There's this machine that's
constantly monitoring you.
- But you gotta rest.
- Is it electric?
Eh yes, Auntie, electric...
It's not like...
- Pull out the plug.
- No, Auntie.
- Pull the plug.
- No, it keeps you alive.
- Nooo Auntie.
- Pull the plug.
- No, you gotta consume it!
- Pull it!
- Electricity has to be consumed!
- The plug!
- No, Auntie, life is an inalienable gift!
You have no right
to decree your end!
No Auntie, I won't be your accomplice!
Nooo Auntie, you gotta consume
electricity!!
No Auntie, I won't unplug you!
You tell her too!
- I won't unplug!
All right already!
It means I'll commit
"Auntienesia".
- Why's he laughing?
- Because...
There was nothing on TV
that day, you know.
The satellite dish and
Wi-Fi were on the blink.
Just warm beer and no ice.
And now what the hell
am I gonna do?
She on the couch,
me looking at the clock.
More of these 50 shades of Gray.
Hey, since three in the afternoon.
Sorry love,
I can't put this book down.
I said "Hey, you know, there's
a chapter do it with me!"
And among millions of spermatozoa
marathon runners racing to the ovum
one of them conquered the ovary.
Welcome Gaia!
And don't talk to me about luck
or the effect of the moon!
Step aside Mayan prophecy
this is windfall Gaia!